
PIXTAG can be used to transmit all of the Dublin Core Metadata
Initiative (DCMI) attributes.

http://dublincore.org/

In particular, the <photo> tag corresponds to an element with
Type=Image and the <event> tag is Type=Event




Element Name: Title
  	Label: 	Title
  	Definition: 	A name given to the resource.
  	Comment: 	Typically, Title will be a name by which the resource is formally known.
Element Name: Creator
  	Label: 	Creator
  	Definition: 	An entity primarily responsible for making the content of the resource.
  	Comment: 	Examples of Creator include a person, an organization, or a service. Typically, the name of a Creator should be used to indicate the entity.
Element Name: Subject
  	Label: 	Subject and Keywords
  	Definition: 	A topic of the content of the resource.
  	Comment: 	Typically, Subject will be expressed as keywords, key phrases or classification codes that describe a topic of the resource. Recommended best practice is to select a value from a controlled vocabulary or formal classification scheme.
Element Name: Description
  	Label: 	Description
  	Definition: 	An account of the content of the resource.
  	Comment: 	Examples of Description include, but is not limited to: an abstract, table of contents, reference to a graphical representation of content or a free-text account of the content.
Element Name: Publisher
  	Label: 	Publisher
  	Definition: 	An entity responsible for making the resource available
  	Comment: 	Examples of Publisher include a person, an organization, or a service. Typically, the name of a Publisher should be used to indicate the entity.
Element Name: Contributor
  	Label: 	Contributor
  	Definition: 	An entity responsible for making contributions to the content of the resource.
  	Comment: 	Examples of Contributor include a person, an organization, or a service. Typically, the name of a Contributor should be used to indicate the entity.
Element Name: Date
  	Label: 	Date
  	Definition: 	A date of an event in the lifecycle of the resource.
  	Comment: 	Typically, Date will be associated with the creation or availability of the resource. Recommended best practice for encoding the date value is defined in a profile of ISO 8601 [W3CDTF] and includes (among others) dates of the form YYYY-MM-DD.
Element Name: Type
  	Label: 	Resource Type
  	Definition: 	The nature or genre of the content of the resource.
  	Comment: 	Type includes terms describing general categories, functions, genres, or aggregation levels for content. Recommended best practice is to select a value from a controlled vocabulary (for example, the DCMI Type Vocabulary [DCT1]). To describe the physical or digital manifestation of the resource, use the FORMAT element.
Element Name: Format
  	Label: 	Format
  	Definition: 	The physical or digital manifestation of the resource.
  	Comment: 	Typically, Format may include the media-type or dimensions of the resource. Format may be used to identify the software, hardware, or other equipment needed to display or operate the resource. Examples of dimensions include size and duration. Recommended best practice is to select a value from a controlled vocabulary (for example, the list of Internet Media Types [MIME] defining computer media formats).
Element Name: Identifier
  	Label: 	Resource Identifier
  	Definition: 	An unambiguous reference to the resource within a given context.
  	Comment: 	Recommended best practice is to identify the resource by means of a string or number conforming to a formal identification system. Formal identification systems include but are not limited to the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) (including the Uniform Resource Locator (URL)), the Digital Object Identifier (DOI) and the International Standard Book Number (ISBN).
Element Name: Source
  	Label: 	Source
  	Definition: 	A Reference to a resource from which the present resource is derived.
  	Comment: 	The present resource may be derived from the Source resource in whole or in part. Recommended best practice is to identify the referenced resource by means of a string or number conforming to a formal identification system.
Element Name: Language
  	Label: 	Language
  	Definition: 	A language of the intellectual content of the resource.
  	Comment: 	Recommended best practice is to use RFC 3066 [RFC3066] which, in conjunction with ISO639 [ISO639]), defines two- and three-letter primary language tags with optional subtags. Examples include "en" or "eng" for English, "akk" for Akkadian", and "en-GB" for English used in the United Kingdom.
Element Name: Relation
  	Label: 	Relation
  	Definition: 	A reference to a related resource.
  	Comment: 	Recommended best practice is to identify the referenced resource by means of a string or number conforming to a formal identification system.
Element Name: Coverage
  	Label: 	Coverage
  	Definition: 	The extent or scope of the content of the resource.
  	Comment: 	Typically, Coverage will include spatial location (a place name or geographic coordinates), temporal period (a period label, date, or date range) or jurisdiction (such as a named administrative entity). Recommended best practice is to select a value from a controlled vocabulary (for example, the Thesaurus of Geographic Names [TGN]) and to use, where appropriate, named places or time periods in preference to numeric identifiers such as sets of coordinates or date ranges.
Element Name: Rights
  	Label: 	Rights Management
  	Definition: 	Information about rights held in and over the resource.
  	Comment: 	Typically, Rights will contain a rights management statement for the resource, or reference a service providing such information. Rights information often encompasses Intellectual Property Rights (IPR), Copyright, and various Property Rights. If the Rights element is absent, no assumptions may be made about any rights held in or over the resource.





The two resource types of interest are event and image





Term Name:  Event
  	URI: 	http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/Event
  	Label: 	Event
  	Definition: 	An event is a non-persistent, time-based occurrence. Metadata for an event provides descriptive information that is the basis for discovery of the purpose, location, duration, responsible agents, and links to related events and resources. The resource of type event may not be retrievable if the described instantiation has expired or is yet to occur. Examples - exhibition, web-cast, conference, workshop, open-day, performance, battle, trial, wedding, tea-party, conflagration.
  	Type of Term: 	vocabulary-term
  	Status: 	recommended
  	Date Issued: 	2000-07-11
  	Version: 	Event-001
 

Term Name:  Image
  	URI: 	http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/Image
  	Label: 	Image
  	Definition: 	An image is a primarily symbolic visual representation other than text. For example - images and photographs of physical objects, paintings, prints, drawings, other images and graphics, animations and moving pictures, film, diagrams, maps, musical notation. Note that image may include both electronic and physical representations.
  	Type of Term: 	vocabulary-term
  	Status: 	recommended
  	Date Issued: 	2000-07-11
  	Version: 	Image-001
 
